間違いところがございましたらご指導のほどよろしくお願いします。
Please guide me if there are any mistakes.

新しい機器を追加する場合をイメージしてください。
Imagine adding a new device.

作成したファイルはこちらに保存するようにお願いします。
Please save the created file here.

○○で ○○ 拠点の 12月30日(21:00時)から今日の朝(9:00時)までのネットワーク トラフィック調査をしてみました。ご確認お願い致します。
I tried to investigate the network traffic from December 30th (21:00) to this morning (9:00) at ○○ at ○○ base. Please confirm.

手順書確認して、確認コマンドを追加しました。
I checked the manual and added a confirmation command.

足りない情報等がありましたらご連絡ください。
If any information is missing, please contact us.

ご返信ありがとうございます。
Thank you for your reply.

ご確認ありがとうございます。いくつかお願いと教えてください
Thank you for confirmation. Please let me know if you have any requests.

色々とお手数おかけしますが、よろしくお願い致します。
Thank you very much for your help.

事前展開ください	Jizen tenkai kudasai.	please deploy in advance

端末ＳＥ側の見解も考慮要です	Tanmatsu SE-gawa no kenkai mo kōryo kanamedesu	The view of the terminal SE side also needs to be considered.
チェック項目及び作業内容詳細	チェックこうもくおよびさぎょうないようしょうさい	Check items and work details.

完了しております。	かんりょうしております。	has been completed
電話会議事録	でんわかいぎじろく	Conference call minutes
確認してもらえますか？	かくにんしてもらえますか？	Can you confirm it?
手伝ってもらえませんか？	てつだってもらえますか？	Can you help me?
引き取りお願い致します。	ひきとりおねがいします	Please pick up item.
~からおくれてきた～を引き取りました。		I picked up ~ sent from ~.

ありがとうございます。それで設定するようにしてみます。
Thank you very much. So let's try to set it.

相談です。Consultation.
○○
○○
それで合ったいるかどうかを教えてください。please tell me if that is correct.

ご対応ありがとうございます。登録差分については伝えます。
Thank you for your response. I will tell you about the registration difference.

状況理解いたしました。I understand the situation.

すみません、移行リストを確認していて念のために確認です。
Excuse me, I'm checking the migration list, just to make sure.

ひとまず、9/28で終了しています。
すぐに無くなっても問題は無いとは思いますが、、、もう少し様子見したい。という感じです。
For the time being, it ends on 9/28.
I don't think it will be a problem if it disappears soon, but I'd like to wait and see. That's what it feels like.

お疲れ様です。AWS移行の件、いろいろとご協力ありがとうございます。
教えてください。○○のAWS環境への移行ですが、
進捗はいかがでしょうか。
今月中に終了になりますでしょうか。

thank you for your hard work. Thank you for all your help with the migration to AWS.
please tell me. Regarding the migration of ○○ to the AWS environment, 
How is the progress? Will it be finished by the end of this month?

メール到着した旨、承知いたしました。ご確認ありがとうございました。
I am aware that you have received the email. Thank you for confirming…

設定変更いたしました。送信できるかご確認お願い致します。
I changed the settings. Please check if you can send it.

遅くなりましたが、テストしてみました。結果エラーで送信できませんでした。
Although I'm late, but I tested it. Could not send due to error.

再接続できました。
I was able to reconnect.

お手数ですが、そのようにスケジュール変更いただけますとこちら側での調整は不要となります。
Sorry to trouble you, but if you can change the schedule like that, there will be no need to make any adjustments on our side.

以上、お手数おかけいたしますが、よろしくお願いいたします。
We apologize for the inconvenience, but thank you for your understanding.

必要なものとか間違いところがあればご指導のほどよろしくお願いします。
Please let me know if there is anything I need to know or if something is wrong.

以下、サンプルですので、ご自由に編集してご利用ください。
The following is a sample, so feel free to edit and use it.

ご相談させてください。
Please let me Consult.

お手数おかけしました。
Sorry for the inconvenience.

ちなみにご存じでしたら教えて頂きたいのですが、
By the way, if you know, please let me know.

捜索してますよ～
Searching you.
